Welcome to our page
double one double one double one point
pisco the world dot newbery puntocom
a place where you are learning new techniques to develop your
skills and knowledge of gastronomy worldwide
gerardo ruiz vos expert general director of the world school of
gastronomy from mexico
shares its tourism and business tourism techniques and experiences
international
but above all the art of being made
seats of people acquired in more than 20 years of experience
with you
gerardo luis you
after seeing how our days are
Well here we are at school
world gas guinea
ing is here with us gerardo
you are the general manager
although it does not hide that there is no more talk a little more business
thailand
we are sovereigns of tourism where we are trained
the people that
they have the need
senate
in which so sure
courses in the background
once a week
they are rather cheering media in canada
You can start
this has also been done bernal in force
watching this
the hospital until last fatal night
in another point of the city
if the state of health
yes with a lot of future this afternoon before and they are certified with him knows the
seprona
those two government dependencies
which
this specimen after a breakfast
to get more consistent work
and we will invite you talk with them mons
you are going to have to be born
in this sense they will reserve
Rodríguez Zapatero urged people who become train
montmeló españa we are going to give away nothing
100% of your pension
come to releases are melvin
and attractive
information
we are going to have also put in an interview people
the candidates to all the people who are interested in coming
thank you very much eduardo
talks but also holland
in your school
we will soon know
of all the people who are interested, thank you very much.
Ascent storms